we've just been to see the new maybe the
men in black which we enjoyed so much
would decide to spend the rest of our
lives dressed up exactly the same as the
principal characters you see that man
made a stretch like this I said it'd be
a crass idea that everyone would do no
it's really just right okay Marcus pixel
I'm gonna count to three you're doing g1
telling you that man does not look
stable who but you know what talk to me
he is just crazy when he's like this
he's always crazy when you get a massage
take a cruise three drop your weapon to
put your hands on your head I warned it
drop the weapon you warned it don't make
me kill you we're in a shitty idea how
much things the plot of the film
basically works around the idea that not
only aliens exist but they've also been
coming to Earth since the 50s and if in
such great numbers that are Tommy Lee
Jones that for some reasoning is lured
out of acting and asked to set up a kind
of agency to deal with the right
immigration kind of passport control
thing where they get them all little
jobs working secretly on earth it's
quite interesting I think that way that
like Americans suspicion and paranoia of
its own government has now got to the
point that people just accept that as a
premise for a film and think oh yeah
that probably is definitely happening
it's kind of like ghostbusters where the
twist is they're not fighting ghosts
they're fighting aliens and they're
wearing suits bit like reservoir dogs so
the posters all look good so that's the
angle on it but it works well you know
it does where hell you remember the
little red button yeah that's just a
little red button and you may wanna put
on a seat belt
don't stay in and watch soaps and stuff
the night out isn't it go on go to the
cinema don't sit at home in a dark tree
watching telly sit in a big dark room
with loads of people you don't know when
watching massive telly well better still
go with someone knows the cinemark then
going the pub and have a conversation
with them that's about as well four
hours this great well that's the last
time we ask them